hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2018 horror film
halloween
starring jamie lee curtis
warning spoilers ahead
40 years after the events of the first
movie michael is institutionalized at
smith's grove psychiatric hospital
he was captured and arrested shortly
after dr loomis shot him off of the
balcony in 1978.
as dr loomis passed away michael is now
being treated by dr sartain
the two true crime podcasters aaron and
dana travel to the sanitarium to
interview michael
aaron approaches him and talks to him
but fails to get michael to speak even
after showing him his old mask
the next day while being transferred to
a maximum security prison michael
deliberately crashes the bus
a man and his son come across the bodies
of the prisoners and guards
michael kills both takes their car and
drives away
laurie strode the sole survivor of the
1978 murders is still living in fear of
michael
laurie is drinking heavily and rarely
leaving her fortified house
she has lost custody of her daughter
karen and the only person laurie keeps
in contact with is karen's daughter
alison
on halloween morning michael sees the
podcasters aaron and dana visiting his
sister judith's grave
he follows them to a gas station where
he kills them both
michael then recovers his old mask from
aaron's car and returns to hattonfield
after learning that michael has escaped
deputy hawkins tries to persuade sheriff
parker of michael's danger
lori also learns of michael's escape and
tries to alert her daughter karen and
alison but karen dismisses laurie's
concerns and tells her to get on with
her life
later that night while babysitting a boy
named julian allison's best friend vicky
and her boyfriend dave are attacked and
killed by michael deputy hawkins and
laurie overhear the incident on the
radio and hurry to the house where they
find dave and vicky's bodies
patrolling behind the neighboring houses
laurie sees michael coming face-to-face
with him for the first time in 40 years
she shoots him but as she turns the
corner michael is gone
dr sartain arrives and persuades sheriff
parker to help in the hunt for michael
meanwhile allison is at a costume party
lori tries to call her and warn her to
go home but alison gets into an
altercation with her boyfriend who
throws her phone away
she leaves the party with her friend
oscar
on the walk home michael finds them and
kills oscar
hawkins and sartain arrive just in time
to rescue allison
hawkins runs michael over with the
police suv and gets out of the vehicle
to shoot him at point-blank range but dr
sartain protests and kills hawkins
he puts michael's mask on and loads
michael into the back of the car
together with allison it is revealed
that sartain orchestrated michael's
escape in order to study him in the wild
michael later regains consciousness and
reclaims his mask
allison informs dr sartain that michael
spoke to her but michael breaks through
the security barrier and forces dr
sartain out of the vehicle
he kills him by stomping on his head
alison is able to flee by foot
michael then ambushes and kills two
police officers arriving at the scene
michael drives the dead officer's car to
laurie's house where in the meantime
lori and karen have met
when laurie's son-in-law ray goes
outside to greet who he believes are the
two officers michael kills him
laurie alerts karen to michael's arrival
and sends her into a hidden safe room
michael breaks into the house and laurie
and michael fight
lori severely injures him but michael
stabs her in the abdomen and pushes her
over a balcony
when michael goes to check laurie's body
he finds it missing
alison arrives and calls out for her
grandmother luring michael and allowing
karen to shoot him with a rifle
lori reappears and attacks michael
trapping him inside the safe room with
karen and alison's help
michael regains consciousness and grabs
karen's ankle as karen and alison leave
the safe room
he is then stabbed with his own knife by
alison and she and karen flee the room
laurie presses a button and metal bars
appear blocking the exit and trapping
michael in the safe room as it fills
with gas
laurie lights a flare and throws it
through the bars igniting the room and
setting michael on fire
michael is nowhere to be seen in the
final shot of the burning basement
in a post-credit scene michael's
breathing is heard indicating that he
survived
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less don't forget to
subscribe to our channel
till next time